[Music]
hi there welcome to Ready Steady eat and
this is your gourmet guru Salone and
today I'm going to show you how to make
spring rolls these are light and
refreshing with an exotic flavor so
without further delay let me tell you
what you'll need for this for the
filling you will need 1/2 red bell
pepper thinly sliced 1 carrot grated or
julienne 1/2 a cup bean sprouts 1/4 cup
cabbage shredded 1/2 an onion finely
sliced 1/2 TSP fresh ginger 1/2 tsp
garlic grated 1/4 cup thin noodles
precooked you can use rice or Chinese
noodles 1 tablespoon of soy sauce salt
to taste 1/2 a tablespoon of oyster
sauce 1 TSP of sugar half a teaspoon of
pepper corn flour 1 tablespoon some
water to make a paste and half a liter
vegetable oil and store-bought spring
roll sheets so I am going to heat some
oil in a wok I'm going to let it heat up
a little bit to this I am going to add
the onions ginger and the garlic
and then to this we will add our red
bell peppers carrots
bean sprouts and the cabbage nicely
sturdy we want to cook till they are
slightly tender
we need them a little crunchy cover and
cook for about two minutes till their
vegetables are slightly soften and the
flavors have a chance to intermingle
you'll see that they have become
slightly tender just dry up the little
liquid that may have been released by
the cabbage and now I am going to finish
it off by adding some sugar salt pepper
soya sauce the oyster sauce give it a
good stir and now to this I'm going to
add the noodles
now this is done and I'm going to just
let it cool for a while so the
vegetables have now cooled off
i heated some oil in a pan and i am
going to make a paste with cornflour and
water I'm going to keep it aside and now
I'm going to take a spring roll wrapper
and I'm going to place it in front of me
so that it looks like a diamond the rest
of them I am covering with a damp cloth
now to this we are going to add a little
bit of our vegetable mixture I am going
to place it like this then you keep
folding it and when you reach here take
it in like this then with a brush put
some punk rock face on the side like
this and cover it up like this to make
it into a cylinder and also it seals up
the corner so now once all of them are
folded I am going to deep fry them in
the hot oil
I'm going to deep fry them till they are
golden brown and crisp on all side space
spring rolls
serve with sweet and sour sauce a great
appetizer for any occasion don't forget
to try this recipe and let me know how
it turned out in the comment section
below
but before that don't forget to hit the
like button subscribe to our Channel
Ready Steady eat for more such easy and
delicious recipe so this is me celery
signing off for today bye bye
[Music]
you